update host references for status lists (#26)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

- As the query language, Presentation Exchange MUST be used and conform to the syntax defined in [[ref: OpenID4VP]], a profile of [[ref: Presentation Exchange]].
- Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs), as defined in [[ref: DID Core]], MUST be used as identifiers of the entities. Implementations MUST support did:web and did:ion as a mandatory DID method as defined in [[ref: did-web]] and [[ref: did-ion]].
- To bind an owner of a DID to a controller of a certain origin, a Well Known DID Configuration MUST be used as defined in [[ref: Well Known DID]].

> - For Revocation of VCs Status List 2021 as defined in [[ref: Status List 2021]] MAY be used. If used it MUST be resolvable from either a HTTPS web resource or an ID Hub as defined in [[ref: Identity Hub]] (Decentralized Web Node v0.0.1 predraft).

Reviewer: Could we change the language to align with line 466:

```suggestion
- For Revocation of VCs, Status List 2021 as defined in [[ref: Status List 2021]] MAY be used. If used, it MUST be resolvable from either a DID Relative URLs stored in an ID Hub as defined in [[ref: Identity Hub]] (Decentralized Web Node v0.0.1 predraft), or a HTTPS URLs.
```

(I would also reverse the order because it can be read as if HTTPS URLs can be stored in ID Hubs)...

Reviewer: and maybe change line 466 to 
`StatusList2021 MUST be discovered using either DID Relative URLs stored in an ID Hub or  HTTPS URL.`

Author: updated

]
```

> The issued VC MAY include a `credentialStatus` property, as defined in section 5.1 of [[ref: Status List 2021]]:

Reviewer: regardless of where status list is - ID Hub or HTTPS web resource - credentialStatus property has to be included, no?

Author: I would suggest that it does not. 
it is not a requirement in the VC spec, which makes sense e.g. if you have a credential which last 60s then the cost of maintaining a revocation list for it is over kill. From the verifier POV its a credential which is valid until it expires.
+ it makes it an easier lift to make an issuer.

Reviewer: than I think it should be made clear that
- when statusList is used, `credentialStatus` property MUST be present, 
- when statusList is not used because credentials are short lived, `credentialStatus` property MAY not (MUST not?) be present
I would say `credentialStatus` property is CONDITIONAL

Author: will do but I would like to flip this, so the root of the decision is in the encapsulating spec e.g. VC's define credentialStatus, if you use that you must use status list 2021 as hosted from IDHub or https resources
